Weinland Park Community Land Trust 
Meeting Notes for April 30th 7:50 pm
Members Present: Steve, Eric, Alex, Lorna, Dave, Edward 

Announcements:
-Alex sent a loan inquiry to a group called the national housing trust in Cleveland. Within 20 
minutes received a phone call from the director of the community planning services of ICE
(Institute for Community Economics)
-Lorna and Steve have started to organize available data into usable maps (request help from Eric)
-Steven spoke to a landlord (Sandy-1369 North 4th). Would appreciate future updates
-Eric attended a meeting for a CLT group working in Franklinton. Reports continuing dialogue
over what exactly inclusivity means (in terms of bylaws) and the difficulties therein. i.e. decision
making structure (majority/concensus) 


Agenda Items
1)Looking forward on financial strategy
2) Greater chance of securing loan if there is an established organization or a philanthropist
to share the risk (co-sign on loan). Who is this person/entity for us?
3) Is it possible to secure a loan independently? (what are the limitations)
4) Can we organize a list of landlords/persons like Sandy (see announcements)
5) Eric Updates on inclusivity/decision-making structure
6)Git Hub
7) Tasks 

1) Financial Strategy 
Are we comfortable with loans? Unanimous yes
Are we comfortable with asking for donations? Steve and Lorna not personally comfortable 
Are we comfortable with federal seed money? Unanimous yes
Federal Funding (HUD)? Dave suggests low-income tax credit will serve as an attraction to investors
Summary: Money from anywhere is acceptable, pursue all options at this point

2) Co-signer?
a) Habitat for Humanity
b) Godman Guild
c) OSU Extension 
d) CPO
e) Homeport
f) Wexner
g) Columbus Foundation
h) Federation of egalitarian communities
x) resource person: Terry Roe (2nd Wednesday @ Godman Guild-->Dave)
y) resource person: Ben Maiden (fundraiser-alex' contact)
z) resource person: Evelyn Till (Steven and Lorna)
Task: Pursue resource persons/advice
Task: Create profiles of listed organizations

3) Supporters?
a) Jonathon (LL)
b) Patrick (LL)
c) Sandy (LL)
d) Chris and Julia Orban
Task: Create a contact list
Task: Create newbrief/updates for this group

4) Eric's thoughts on inclusivity and blyaws
how do we avoid vangaurdism? how can our non-representativeness be dealt with sensitively through
careful construction of bylaws?
Task: Examine public housing bylaws in Columbus
Task: Present narrative about failure/successes of bylaws
Task: Facilitate conversation of model bylaws for next meeting

5)Tasks
Alex-Reach out to contacts about previous experience with bylaws
Alex-Reach out to advisors/contacts regarding cosigners/funding environment of columbus
Edward-Begin List of Possible supporters
Steve and Lorna- Present "wedge" issues concerning blyaws/post to git hub
Steve, Lorna and Edward-profile organizational co-signers






